hey bud carson dyle here for games pass
coverage of e3 2012 we're here the video
game history museum that is one of the
areas that you might not know about it's
actually at e3 and it's one of my
favorite Ares ever cuz there's all these
old school games we're gonna take you
through a little tour of some of the
games come with me alright so we're over
here excuse me I'm gonna start with
Odyssey because I mean come on it's good
place to start 1972 um I had one of
these I think I had almost everything
that's here because i'm a big nerd let's
keep going um really really cool books
old school books Vanguard tomb Raider's
tomb raider I just a tomb raider from
raizle a sec that's why it's on my mind
ah these are really cool old books all
the puffy stickers remember these these
are so great I had like a whole little
book of these which again makes me sound
like a big nerd puffy stickers awesome
uh hats lunch box oh we will talk about
this later one of my favorite systems of
all time not many people had the server
graphics I did Werner did you have it
serviced yes or no no no one did I did
and you see in the back here we have a
bunch of old-school arcade games which
of course we could play all day and I'm
sure that we're gonna come back here to
play some of them and just like in the
tradition arcade some art working yeah
so you got dunking a junior primal rage
oh man altered beast of course Russian
attack tons games and also you see over
here they have the old school set up
that's like a UH like my living room
back in the day I can see myself just
lounging playing it sorry oh it's ET the
worst game ever that's a terrible game
and that's what they're showing for some
reason that's come over here
oh oh wait don't don't don't film the
screen
you put whatever one you in copy just
not in a landfill somewhere I know it's
just a mention the landfill well
let's um mill appease always good oppa
circus better coming you berserk oh my
goodness make this work can I oh yeah
can I I don't know if I could do this at
same time here we go yeah can you oh my
goodness the way how do I start oh yeah
just that oh I love this game can we
stay here for a while I can't though I
can so this you won't tell me about this
is actually really closely arcade you
know like the arcade was simple and like
you know basic graphics so we're pretty
much close to the actual game oh and the
smiley face later i love this game oh no
way my skills have nuttin i'm not a say
the same
yeah it's supposed to make you crazy and
it kind of does that oh you know what
those lines weapons not where the guys
are you see that okay hold I just gotta
get one more board I want to feel like
I'm still good at this here we go ten
take me a while to walk to the next
level so when the smiley face shows up I
forgot just whenever
no way dude no way yeah oh I don't even
hit that guy oh I don't know thanks for
holding that bezerk I could play that
all day so we barely Thanks am um here's
some really cool patches oh man oh these
for sale this is cool Activision friends
of dolphins all that's super cool
security Atari um some old school games
load of the Rings that's pretty deep
over here post got buttons to sega
genesis i kind of want all this dude
Brett had to ask them later how much
they're not gonna sell it's a museum
there's always the whole cartridges I
didn't know this existed oh it's like
you know old school place to hold no ash
takes you more than that isn't it I
think you actually can play them from
there it seems like as a selector oh
that's cool it plays a bunch at once
that's crazy and then this is the voice
which actually had was one of the first
you know talking synthesized voice
things also kind of a computer in a way
with these really weird joysticks vic-20
I had this it's before the Commodore 64
the one that was crappier um this I
never had which seems really awesome you
can drive and shoot things at once but
of course the graphics were rubbish
clicca vision was great but this cuz the
worst controller ever made one of them
and I hurt your thumbs really bad
remember this hurts hurts thumbs I
don't know what that is but it looks
really interesting
and then kid video there's the
attachment for the Atari man I forgot
about that super cool and of course
you're in television what you were
actually played sports games for the
first time you guys remember in
television football that was like before
joe maddon it felt like a real football
game okay that's one half of this museum
it's a lot of stuff will come back for
another segment and show you the other
half and we're gonna look at you bruh
graphics which are my favorite systems
of all time